SignalR: Reference shared framework (#28398)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/hubs.md

:::code language="csharp" source="~/../AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/signalr/hubs/samples/6.x/SignalRHubsSample/Program.cs" id="snippet_AddSignalR" highlight="4":::

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Why is this only in .NET 6? Why is .NET 7 at the bottom, it needs to be on top.

Author: **"Why is this only in .NET 6? Why is .NET 7 at the bottom, .NET 7 needs to be on top."**
* Looking at the history, Brennan added 7.0 at the bottom in April.  
* Later you left .NET 7 in the bottom in [your update in the .NET 7 version in July] (https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/commit/cc7a860efe9d3b866871ce83c5e533e67b36feec)

In my draft, I unfortunately I didn't notice the 7.0 at the bottom and thought 6.0 at the top was the latest and edited that.  I should have looked around further, however, I know better to watch out for them.  I have seen several topics where the latest was added to the bottom.  When I run into those, I would move them to the top.  As I will this one now.

> > [!NOTE]
> > With the release of .NET Core 3.0, many ASP.NET Core assemblies, including those of SignalR, are no longer published to NuGet as packages. Instead, the assemblies are included in the Microsoft.AspNetCore.App shared framework, which is installed with the .NET Core SDK and runtime installers. See [Use the ASP.NET Core shared framework](xref:fundamentals/target-aspnetcore#use-the-aspnet-core-shared-framework) for more information.
> 

Reviewer: Do we really want to have this first thing at the top of the article? The Note is too much bling.

```suggestion
SignalR no longer depends on getting many assemblies from NuGet, those assemblies are contained in the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.App` shared framework. For more information, see [Microsoft.AspNetCore.App replaces many NuGet packages](xref:the/right/migration/doc#H2).
```

I recommend putting this at the bottom of the file. Experienced SignalR dev's migrating aren't going to look in this doc, they'll look in the migration doc. OK to put a link at the bottom tho

Author: I agree.

Author: @Rick-Anderson, I'll put it at the end of the topics as you ask but drop it back into a note.  That way it doesn't not look like it is part of the context of whatever the last section is, and a dedicated new section does not make sense of course.

> [!NOTE]
> The `Async` suffix isn't stripped from method names. Unless a client method is defined with `.on('MyMethodAsync')`, don't use `MyMethodAsync` as the name.

## Client results

In addition to making calls to clients, the server can request a result from a client. This requires the server to use `ISingleClientProxy.InvokeAsync` and the client to return a result from its `.On` handler.

There are two ways to use the API on the server, the first is to call `Client(...)` or `Caller` on the `Clients` property in a Hub method:

```csharp
public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    public async Task<string> WaitForMessage(string connectionId)
    {
        var message = await Clients.Client(connectionId).InvokeAsync<string>(
            "GetMessage");
        return message;
    }

> }

Reviewer: All this needs to be moved to a project that builds.

Author: Thanks, I will take care of that in #28459.   Out of scope here for this link inclusion.

> [!NOTE]
> SignalR only sends the `Message` property of the exception to the client. The stack trace and other properties on the exception aren't available to the client.

> [!INCLUDE[](~/includes/signalr-in-shared-framework.md)]

Reviewer 2: This doesn't look good where it is, it's directly after a section that's talking about getting errors on the client (and after another note). Maybe should be after the very first paragraph on this page?

Author: @BrennanConroy, Would the end of the first section, ### Configure SignalR hubs be OK with you?   That seems like an appropriate context.

Author: I'll move the note there to the end of the first section ### Configure SignalR hubs,  and if you still want it right after the intro (very first paragraph) instead, that is cool and I will change.

> [!INCLUDE[](~/includes/signalr-in-shared-framework.md)]

Author: ```suggestion
```
